Apple touts stopping $1.8B in App Store fraud last year in latest pitch to developers Apple released new data about anti-fraud measures related to its operation of the iOS App Store on Tuesday morning, trumpeting a claim that it stopped over $7 billion in "potentially fraudulent transactions" across the four years between 2020 and 2023. More than $1.8 billion of that total was stopped in 2023, per Apple, which is down from the $2 billion in potentially fraudulent transactions Apple reported preventing in 2022. It also said it blocked over 14 million stolen credit cards and more t 
7 Income Strategies for Your $1 Million Portfolio Download The Definitive Guide to Retirement Income to learn ways to grow your wealth and generate income from your portfolio. [Free Guide] 
As Google gears up for I/O event, AI takes center stage Alphabet's (GOOG, GOOGL) Google is set to host its highly anticipated I/O developer conference on Tuesday, where the tech giant is expected to unveil new AI offerings. This development follows Apple's (AAPL) recent launch of its latest iPad lineup, which boasts new AI features. Furthermore, OpenAI has introduced a new version of its ChatGPT bot that can listen and communicate verbally. Yahoo Finance's Seana Smith and Brad Smith break down the details of the tech companies' growing investments and strategic approaches to AI. For more expert insight and the latest market action, click here to watch this full episode of Morning Brief. This post was written by Angel Smith 
Meme trade roars back to life, OpenAI's GPT-4o: Market Domination While the major stock market indexes (^DJI, ^IXIC, ^GSPC) are mixed ahead of Monday's closing bell, meme stocks are roaring back to life this session. And it all started with a post on X (formerly Twitter) made Sunday night by user "Roaring Kitty," the handle of retail trader Keith Gill that sparked the original meme trade frenzy around GameStop (GME) in early 2021. tastylive Founder and CEO Tom Sosnoff sits down with Yahoo Finance's Market Domination to share his thoughts on the "welcomed" and renewed excitement around meme stocks. Infrastructure Capital Advisors CEO Jay Hatfield joins Julie Hyman for the latest edition of Good Buy or Goodbye, shedding light on which major player in the financial space he is all in on. Also, watch for the latest coverage around Walgreens' (WBA) plans to sell off its UK chain Boots, the latest iteration of OpenAI's ChatGPT artificial intelligence model, and Kraft Heinz's (KHC) intent to sell the Oscar Mayer brand. This post was written by Luke Carberry Mogan. 
Google I/O Event Expectations Run High Amid OpenAI, Microsoft Rivalry Expectations run high ahead of Alphabet's Google I/O conference for software developers today, with analysts anticipating a slew of AI announcements. 
Warren Buffett Stocks: What's Inside Berkshire Hathaway's Portfolio? You must keep up on Warren Buffett stocks: The Berkshire Hathaway chief sticks to a winning investing formula, but he does not sit still. 
Searching for income? Introducing INCM, a flexible and dynamic ETF searching for attractive income opportunities across market cycles. 
Magnificent Seven Stocks: Nvidia, Tesla Rally Dubbed the Magnificent Seven stocks, Apple, Microsoft, Google parent Alphabet, Amazon, Nvidia, Meta Platforms and Tesla lived up to their name in 2023 with big gains. But the early part of the second quarter of 2024 showed a big divergence of returns. 
Google’s I/O Event Promises Lots More AI. The Stock Gets a Small Bump. Google’s developer conference is expected to feature dozens of sessions on the company’s own artificial intelligence technologies. 
Comcast to Launch Streaming Bundle of Peacock, Netflix and Apple TV+ The new bundle, called StreamSaver, will be exclusively available to customers of Comcast’s internet service. 
Google I/O Expected to Highlight Potential Gemini-Apple Deal to Support iPhone Apps, Boost Users, UBS Says Google I/O Expected to Highlight Potential Gemini-Apple Deal to Support iPhone Apps, Boost Users, UBS Says 
Save on the new iPhone 15. Newphoria. Get the new iPhone 15, on us. With new line on select Unlimited plans (Unlimited Plus min. $80/mo w/Auto Pay (+taxes/fees) for 36 mos). Online... 
4 Best ETF Areas of Last Week Wall Street was upbeat last week with the S&P 500 adding 1.9%, the Dow Jones advancing 2.2% and the Nasdaq Composite gained 1.1%. 
OpenAI’s leap forward in human-like AI assistants underscores Apple’s growing peril OpenAI's GPT-4o model is impressively human-like, raising the stakes for Apple's big AI reveal at WWDC in June. 
Alphabet AI Event Will Show Whether Blowout Results Were a Fluke (Bloomberg) -- Alphabet Inc.’s recent results raised hopes that the Google parent can still be a big player in artificial intelligence. Now it has a chance to prove it.Most Read from BloombergTrump Vows ‘Day One’ Executive Order Targeting Offshore WindBiden Accuses China of ‘Cheating’ on Trade, Imposes New TariffsFlood of China Used Cooking Oil Spurs Call to Hike US LeviesMacron Puts French Banks in Play With Plan to Transform EuropeHow One of the World's Oldest Hedge Funds Went BankruptInvestor 
2 Artificial Intelligence (AI) Stocks That Could Go Parabolic These companies are poised to be leaders in AI, and are worth considering right now. 
Pay 0% Interest for Up to 21 Months Pay 0% interest on purchases or balance transfers for up to 21 months with these cards. Read full review >> 
Mag 7 stocks including Apple and Amazon still holding strong Most Mag 7 stocks impressed markets. Find out who the outlier is 
If You'd Invested $10,000 in Apple Stock 5 Years Ago, Here's How Much You'd Have Today The tech giant has delivered stellar performance for two decades and isn't slowing down yet. 
Warren Buffett Holds $175 Billion of His Portfolio in 2 Stocks That Could Rise 34% and 17%, According to a Pair of Wall Street Analysts If you want to learn how to succeed like Buffett, understanding his biggest investment decisions would be a good place to start. 
IPhone Maker Hon Hai Misses Estimates in a China Downturn (Bloomberg) -- Hon Hai Precision Industry Co. reported a weaker-than-expected profit as demand for iPhones remained sluggish in China, though it projected significant growth in the current quarter.Most Read from BloombergTrump Vows ‘Day One’ Executive Order Targeting Offshore WindBiden Accuses China of ‘Cheating’ on Trade, Imposes New TariffsFlood of China Used Cooking Oil Spurs Call to Hike US LeviesMacron Puts French Banks in Play With Plan to Transform EuropeHow One of the World's Oldest Hedg 
Here’s The Average Cost Of Gutter Guards For Smaller Homes Click here to see what’s available in your area. 
UPDATE 3-Foxconn upbeat on AI demand, stands by Sharp following writedown Apple supplier Foxconn said on Tuesday it remained confident about strong AI server demand this year driving revenue, and pledged to stand by Japan's Sharp after taking a large, profit-impacting writedown last year.  Foxconn, the world's largest contract electronics maker and Apple's top iPhone manufacturer, said on an earnings call it expected flat consumer electronics demand, but reiterated it saw significant growth in 2024 revenue given the artificial intelligence (AI) applications boom. 
McDonald’s, Apple and Tesla can’t bet on making a fortune in China anymore For decades, Western companies made a fortune betting on the inexorable rise of the Chinese consumer. Now an economic slump and the emergence of ferocious local competitors means those bets look less safe as price wars erupt. 
Is the Apple Vision Pro Headset Worth the Price? Two Motley Fool podcasters talk about their experiences. 
