OpenAI's GPT-4o: Google, Apple at 'risk' if they don't catch up OpenAi announced a new flagship chatbot called GPT-4o, which can operate in 50 different languages with improved speed and quality, according to Chief Technology Officer Mira Murati. This announcement comes ahead of a potential deal between OpenAi and Apple (AAPL) to put ChatGPT in iPhones, Bloomberg reports. Moor Insights & Strategy Founder and CEO Patrick Moorhead joins Market Domination&nbsp;to give insight into the announcement from OpenAi and its potential deal with Apple. Moorhead outlines why this announcement was important for OpenAi despite lagging evidence about the impact of AI adoption: "Technology is always slower to be adopted than we all think it's going to. In Silicon Valley, it comes overnight. But the reality is to hit typical consumers and even businesses come years after use. But you have to show off the latest and greatest to get people excited. It's kind of like the beginning of an investment bubble, right? Let's get everybody excited. Let's show the capability we're going to hit the trough of disillusionment at some point, but it's to get people tied in." For more expert insight and the latest market action, click here to watch this full episode of Market Domination. This post was written by Nicholas Jacobino 
New Laws Make Solar More Affordable Than Ever Solar panels used to be less about saving money and more about environmental protection. But today, switching to solar is more attractive than... 
China tariffs, Nvidia earnings, how to view Apple: Opening Bid The trade war with China has become a key talking point in the 2024 election, with President Joe Biden expected to increase tariffs on Chinese electric vehicles and former President Trump suggesting a 60% tariff on goods from the country. Interactive Brokers Chief Strategist Steve Sosnick weighs in on what it could mean for investors. He also tells Yahoo Finance Executive Editor Brian Sozzi about what he's looking for from Nvidia (NVDA) earnings and why Apple is "the premiere value stock." Click here for more Opening Bid. This post was written by Stephanie Mikulich. 
Apple Reportedly Close To Deal With OpenAI To Add AI Features To iPhone Apple reportedly is close to a deal with ChatGPT creator OpenAI to use its generative AI technology on iPhones. 
US STOCKS-S&P 500 barely changes as investors hold tight ahead of inflation data The S&P 500 closed very slightly lower on Monday as investors took a breather after three weekly gains while they awaited key inflation readings and earnings reports due this week while a survey showed consumers concerned about inflation.  A Federal Reserve Bank of New York survey, released on Monday, found that Americans see inflation at 3.3% a year from now from March’s 3% while they expect inflation three years from now at 2.8%.  This followed a University of Michigan report on Friday that showed U.S. consumer sentiment sagged to a six-month low in May as households worried about the cost of living. 
Warren Buffett Stocks: What's Inside Berkshire Hathaway's Portfolio? You must keep up on Warren Buffett stocks: The Berkshire Hathaway chief sticks to a winning investing formula, but he does not sit still. 
6 Mistakes Retirees Should Avoid When Hiring a Financial... Potential pitfalls you should be aware of before you choose who to hire. 
Heard on the Street: Apple's AI Trade Picks Up Steam For Apple’s investors, the next month is going to be interesting—if excruciating.  Apple has been the weakest of the mega-cap Big Tech stocks for the year to date.  The New York Times reported over the weekend that Apple will be bringing AI to Siri, its much maligned but still widely used voice assistant. 
OpenAI Unveils Voice Features for ChatGPT, New Tools for Free Users The latest version of the artificial-intelligence chatbot will provide capabilities to all users that were once available only to paying customers. 
Warren Buffett Is Dumping Apple Stock The Oracle of Omaha has operated a concentrated portfolio for years. 
Beyond the Road: Exploring the Impact of a Potential Rivian-Apple Collaboration An electric vehicle manufacturer and a tech company? Sounds like a match made in heaven. 
Buying Nvidia? Wall Street Legend Issues Urgent A.I....   
Monopoly Definition and 12 Near Monopoly Stocks in the US In this article, we will go over the definition of a monopoly and take a look at the 12 near-monopoly stocks in the US. If you want to see more stocks in this selection, go to the 5 Near Monopoly Stocks in the US. A monopoly is characterized by a single seller holding sway over […] 
Magnificent Seven Stocks: Apple, Nvidia, Tesla Rally; Google, Meta Slide Magnificent Seven stocks, including AI leader Nvidia, are among the best stocks to watch in today's stock market. 
Apple, OpenAI Deal Set to Boost Siri Technology, Attract Developers, Spur Growth, Wedbush Says Apple, OpenAI Deal Set to Boost Siri Technology, Attract Developers, Spur Growth, Wedbush Says 
Apple set to sell Vision Pro headset outside US, Bloomberg News reports The iPhone-maker has flown hundreds of employees from its international stores to Cupertino, California and started training them on how to demonstrate the $3,499 headset to customers, the report added, citing people with knowledge of the matter.  Apple plans to bring its Vision Pro to international markets after its Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC), scheduled to be held from June 10 to June 14, the report said.  The training of workers, which takes as many as four days, from Germany, France, Australia, Japan, South Korea, Singapore and China, suggests these will be some of the first international markets for the device. 
7 Income Strategies for Your $1 Million Portfolio Download The Definitive Guide to Retirement Income to learn ways to grow your wealth and generate income from your portfolio. [Free Guide] 
Update: Apple Defeats Campaign to Unionize New Jersey Retail Store Update: Apple Defeats Campaign to Unionize New Jersey Retail Store 
Update: Market Chatter: Apple Preparing to Sell Vision Pro Outside US Update: Market Chatter: Apple Preparing to Sell Vision Pro Outside US 
Apple says privacy is a ‘core value.’ Tim Cook shouldn’t compromise it to bridge the gap on AI Apple says privacy is a ‘core value.’ Tim Cook shouldn’t compromise it to bridge the gap on AI 
Five biggest tech industry layoffs of 2024, so far Over 81,000 tech workers have been made redundant since the beginning of the year. 
Pay 0% Interest for Up to 21 Months Pay 0% interest on purchases or balance transfers for up to 21 months with these cards. Read full review >> 
Apple promises ‘good faith’ negotiations with unions, but its history suggests otherwise Apple may soon face its first Store strike in Maryland, while it separately faces union-busting allegations in New Jersey. 
US STOCKS-Wall St inches up with inflation prints in focus U.S. stock indexes edged higher on Monday, nearing record peaks following a recent run of gains, with investors awaiting key inflation figures this week to gauge the likelihood of interest rate cuts in 2024.  The indexes were back near all-time highs hit in March, boosted by stronger-than-expected earnings reports and signs of a cooling labor market that have fueled bets of one or two rate cuts by the U.S. Federal Reserve this year. 
Apple Stock Rises. It May Be Bringing OpenAI to the iPhone. The tech giant might not have to spend big to train its own artificial-intelligence model and can instead focus on streamlined versions of the technology. 
