Google Search gets biggest overhaul in years with new generative AI features Google is bringing some of the biggest changes to its search platform in years. 
Save on iPhone 13 with 5G. Get the powerful iPhone 13 on us. With a new line on myPlan (Unlimited Welcome min. $65/mo w/Auto Pay (+taxes/fees) for 36 mos). No trade-in... 
The streaming wars are over: Morning Brief Media executives have praised their competitors this earnings season, making one thing clear: the streaming wars have hit a ceasefire. 
Amazon Cloud CEO Stepping Down, With AWS Veteran Named To Role The leader of Amazon's cloud-services division, Amazon Web Services, will step down early next month, the tech giant announced Tuesday.  Amazon stock traded sideways, closing with a slight gain.  Amazon said that AWS Chief Executive Adam Selipsky will be replaced by Matt Garman, AWS' current sales and marketing leader. 
Amazon Web Services Undergoes Leadership Change, Matt Garman to Take Over as CEO Amazon.Com, Inc (NASDAQ:AMZN) stock is trading lower amid reports of leadership change in its cloud unit Amazon Web Services (AWS). Matt Garman will succeed Amazon Web Services CEO Adam Selipsky, effective June 3, Bloomberg reports. Garman is the Amazon cloud unit's leading sales and marketing executive. Selipsky led AWS since 2021. The cloud unit accounts for most of Amazon's profit. In April, AWS initiated global job cuts involving several hundred positions in Sales, Marketing, Global Services 
Amazon Names New AWS Chief as AI Race With Microsoft Heats Up (Bloomberg) -- Amazon.com Inc.’s newly named cloud chief, Matt Garman, inherits a $100-billion-a-year business that’s as profitable as it has ever been. He also faces the daunting task of retaining the cloud-computing pioneer’s edge in the artificial intelligence age.Most Read from BloombergTrump Vows ‘Day One’ Executive Order Targeting Offshore WindBiden Accuses China of ‘Cheating’ on Trade, Imposes New TariffsFlood of China Used Cooking Oil Spurs Call to Hike US LeviesMacron Puts French Banks 
Discover EZBC Bitcoin exposure without the hassle of investing in bitcoin directly. 
Jeff Bezos' Mom Was A Single Teen Who Took Him To Night School With Her As An Infant — She Made $190 A Month And Now She's Worth $30 Billion The tale of Jeff Bezos, who started Amazon from his garage, is legendary, but the story of his mother, Jacklyn Bezos, is equally compelling. Jacklyn, a determined teenager in Albuquerque, New Mexico, overcame substantial obstacles. She faced financial hardship and societal pressures as a single teen mother, yet she managed to raise her son, who would become one of the world's richest individuals with a net worth of $205 billion, according to Forbes. Don't Miss: No generation before Gen Z has had 
Amazon.com Names New CEO For AWS as Adam Selipsky Steps Down Amazon.com Names New CEO For AWS as Adam Selipsky Steps Down 
Amazon Gets New Cloud-Computing Boss as AI Battle Shakes Up Its Top Profit Engine The chief executive of Amazon Web Services, Adam Selipsky, is stepping down and will be succeeded by Matt Garman, the company’s senior vice president of sales and marketing. 
Netflix (NFLX) Releases the Trailer of Its Latest Japanese Film Netflix (NFLX) releases the trailer of its latest film, Drawing Closer, which is directed by Takahiro Miki. The film is set to release on Jun 27. 
Here’s The Average Cost Of Gutter Guards For Smaller Homes Click here to see what’s available in your area. 
Amazon AWS CEO Adam Selipsky is out The CEO of Amazon's $100 billion cloud computing business will be replaced by longtime AWS executive Matt Garman. 
Amazon Stock Falls After a Key CEO Steps Down Adam Selipsky, chief executive officer of  Amazon  Web Services, is stepping down in June, the company announced Tuesday.  Amazon.com’s  cloud computing business announced that Matt Garman, senior vice president of sales and marketing at AWS, will take Selipsky’s place on June 3.  Shares of  Amazon  were down 1.1% Tuesday to $184.90. 
Amazon Web Services CEO to step down Amazon’s biggest moneymaker is getting a new leader. 
UPDATE 4-Amazon's cloud unit chief to step down after three years The chief of Amazon.com's wildly profitable Amazon Web Services cloud computing unit will step down next month after a three-year term, the company said on Tuesday.  Adam Selipsky, 57, who is also a member of Amazon's team advising CEO Andy Jassy, will leave the company on June 3.  Selipsky has spent 14 years at AWS over two stints. 
7 Income Strategies for Your $1 Million Portfolio Download The Definitive Guide to Retirement Income to learn ways to grow your wealth and generate income from your portfolio. [Free Guide] 
Amazon's cloud unit chief to step down after three years (Reuters) -The chief of Amazon.com's wildly profitable Amazon Web Services cloud computing unit will step down next month after a three-year term, the company said on Tuesday.  Adam Selipsky, 57, who is also a member of Amazon's team advising CEO Andy Jassy, will leave the company on June 3.  Selipsky has spent 14 years at AWS over two stints. 
Amazon Warehouse Workers in Canada Unionize for First Time Amazon said it would contest any ruling that approved the union, taking issue with the certification process. A hearing is set for June 10. 
2 Reasons Amazon Stock Is a Buy and Hold Forever Amazon has positioned itself well in two key areas. 
1 Reason to Buy Arm Holdings Stock and 1 Reason to Stay Away Arm is finally finding its way into the data center, but the stock is priced for perfection. 
Michigan Gov Can Cover Your Cost To Install Solar Panels Shocked So Few People Know About This. Today, switching to solar is more attractive than ever, thanks to streamlined technology, hefty government... 
Update: Amazon.com's Zoox Automated Driving System Under US Traffic Safety Investigation Update: Amazon.com's Zoox Automated Driving System Under US Traffic Safety Investigation 
Mag 7 stocks including Apple and Amazon still holding strong Most Mag 7 stocks impressed markets. Find out who the outlier is 
Top Midday Stories: Return of 'Roaring Kitty' Lifts GameStop Shares; Intel, Apollo Near Deal on Ireland Plant; BHP Latest Offer Rejected by Anglo American; Squarespace Acquired by Permira; Amazon Autonomous Driving Under Probe Top Midday Stories: Return of 'Roaring Kitty' Lifts GameStop Shares; Intel, Apollo Near Deal on Ireland Plant; BHP Latest Offer Rejected by Anglo American; Squarespace Acquired by Permira; Amazon Autonomous Driving Under Probe 
