1. Consumer spending, Reddit earnings, AI: Wealth! On today's episode of Wealth!, host Bradley Smith and various guests explore topics including the state of the consumer, earnings updates, and artificial intelligence's potential to help consumers looking to borrow. As consumers face the impact of the "higher-for-longer" interest rate environment, Wealth! takes a deep dive into the state of the consumer. Barry's CEO Joey Gonzalez joins the discussion, offering insights into how his fitness business is navigating this challenging landscape and whether he has observed any shifts in consumer behavior. Despite the need for value, consumers continue spending on experiences and travel. Hopper Lead Economist Hayley Berg and Zenith Wealth Partners Chief Financial Planning Officer Chelsea Ransom-Cooper provide savings tips for those seeking to travel while exercising prudence with their hard-earned cash. On the earnings front, Reddit (RDDT) CEO Steve Huffman takes the spotlight, discussing the company's earnings beat and its ongoing quest for profitability. Additionally, Yahoo Finance's Madison Mills dissects the financial results of Airbnb (ABNB) and Hyatt Hotels (H), which both surpassed expectations. Furthermore, the show features an interview with Pagaya CEO Gal Krubiner, who talks the potential of artificial intelligence to aid in consumer lending.  This post was written by Angel Smith 

2. A card so good, our experts signed up personally Cardholders can secure $1,306 from this card with no annual fee. That's from the first-year bonus and premium cash back alone! Read full review >> 

3. Disney, Warner Bros. try to 'follow the consumer' with yet another streaming bundle The new bundle, which combines Disney+, Hulu, and Max, highlights a new wave of partnerships among streamers to gain more loyal subscribers. 

4. Sony’s Plans for Paramount Include Sale of Famous Studio Lot (Bloomberg) -- Sony Group Corp. plans to sell the historic Paramount Pictures lot in Los Angeles, featured in films such as Sunset Boulevard, if it succeeds in buying the studio’s parent company, according to people familiar with management’s thinking.Most Read from BloombergMicrosoft’s Xbox Is Planning More Cuts After Studio Closings‘Seriously Underwater’ Home Mortgages Tick Up Across the USAmericans Are Racking Up ‘Phantom Debt’ That Wall Street Can’t TrackMarjorie Taylor Greene Finally Got Wh 

5. This Is What Bears Have Wrong When It Comes to United Parks The company formerly known as SeaWorld Entertainment doesn't have to fear a looming threat from a rival operator. 

6. Microsoft Shakes Up Xbox Division, Closes Renowned Studios in Major Cost-Cutting Move Microsoft Corp (NASDAQ:MSFT) initiated the unplanned closure of several video-game studios within its Xbox division as part of an ongoing broad cost-cutting strategy. According to sources familiar with the plans, this week, Xbox offered voluntary severance agreements to producers, quality assurance testers, and other staff at ZeniMax, which Microsoft acquired in 2020 for $7.5 billion. Additional cuts are likely across the Xbox organization, Bloomberg reports. Employees were surprised by Tuesday’ 

7. Buying Nvidia? Wall Street Legend Issues Urgent A.I....   

8. Doctor Who star Ncuti Gatwa says new series feels like 'a fresh era' Ncuti Gatwa, the first Black actor to play the lead role in "Doctor Who", says its new series feels like "a fresh era" as the British sci-fi television show goes global.  The much-loved BBC cult show will now also be streamed to audiences outside the United Kingdom in a new collaboration between the British broadcaster and Walt Disney Co's streaming service Disney+.  The Rwandan-born Scottish actor, who shot to fame in Netflix show "Sex Education", plays the latest incarnation of the Time Lord in the new series, which also sees screenwriter and producer Russell T Davies return as showrunner. 

9. Disney and Warner Bros. Team Up on Streaming. It’s a Challenge to Netflix. The idea is to simplify choices for consumers, who will soon be able to sign up for a package that includes Disney+, Hulu, and Warner’s Max services. 

10. Disney's Future Is Brighter Than It Appears Investors sold off Disney's stock, but the company is still growing in the right places. 

11. Warner Bros. Discovery Plans Fresh Cost Cuts, Max Price Hike (Bloomberg) -- Warner Bros. Discovery Inc. Chief Executive Officer David Zaslav has ordered his lieutenants to find additional opportunities for cost-cutting in order to hit financial targets for the next couple years, people with knowledge of the matter said.Most Read from BloombergMicrosoft’s Xbox Is Planning More Cuts After Studio ClosingsAmericans Are Racking Up ‘Phantom Debt’ That Wall Street Can’t Track‘Seriously Underwater’ Home Mortgages Tick Up Across the USArm Slides as Tepid Outlook F 

12. Searching for income? Introducing INCM, a flexible and dynamic ETF searching for attractive income opportunities across market cycles. 

13. Should Investors Buy Disney Stock on the Dip? The House of Mouse finally sees a slowdown in demand for the theme parks. 

14. Disney and Warner to Offer Bundle of Their Streaming Services Disney  and  Warner Bros. Discovery  said they are teaming up to offer a bundle of their streaming services, the latest move by media companies to try to simplify choices in the crowded streaming business.  Consumers will be able to sign up for a package that includes Disney’s Disney+ and Hulu and Warner’s Max service.  Currently, Disney+ and Hulu with ads are sold together for $9.99 a month. 

15. UPDATE 2-Disney, Warner Bros to offer streaming bundle of Disney+, Hulu and Max Walt Disney and Warner Bros Discovery will offer a bundle of the Disney+, Hulu and Max streaming services in the United States starting this summer, the companies said in a statement on Wednesday.  Both Disney and Warner Bros are trying to build their streaming businesses as customers ditch traditional cable packages, in part because many of them rejected having to pay for a large bundle with dozens of channels.  But as the number of streaming apps exploded, consumers have complained about having to sign up for multiple subscriptions. 

16. Disney, Warner Bros to offer streaming bundle of Disney+, Hulu and Max LOS ANGELES (Reuters) -Walt Disney and Warner Bros Discovery will offer a bundle of the Disney+, Hulu and Max streaming services in the United States starting this summer, the companies said in a statement on Wednesday.  Both Disney and Warner Bros are trying to build their streaming businesses as customers ditch traditional cable packages, in part because many of them rejected having to pay for a large bundle with dozens of channels.  The Disney/Warner bundle will simplify payment with one bill, and possibly offer a discount from the cost of subscribing to each app separately. 

17. Save on the new iPhone 15. Newphoria. Get the new iPhone 15, on us. With new line on select Unlimited plans (Unlimited Plus min. $80/mo w/Auto Pay (+taxes/fees) for 36 mos). Online... 

18. Disney and Warner Bros. Discovery join together for new streaming bundle Rivals Disney and Warner Bros. Discovery are coming together to offer a new streaming bundle that includes Disney+, Hulu and Max. 

19. The Walt Disney Company (NYSE:DIS) Q2 2024 Earnings Call Transcript The Walt Disney Company (NYSE:DIS) Q2 2024 Earnings Call Transcript May 7, 2024 The Walt Disney Company beats earnings expectations. Reported EPS is $1.21, expectations were $1.1. The Walt Disney Company isn’t one of the 30 most popular stocks among hedge funds at the end of the third quarter (see the details here). Operator: Good […] 

20. Disney (DIS) Q2 Earnings Beat Estimates, Revenues Rise Y/Y Disney's (DIS) second-quarter fiscal 2024 results reflect growth in Disney+ subscribers and theme park and resort businesses. 

21. Disney+ joins live sports fray, will start airing events from ESPN later this year Consolidation of streaming services continues. 

22. Controversial CEO story could potentially help you retire...   

23. Disney Reaches Profitability In Entertainment Streaming On Monday, The Walt Disney Company (NYSE: DIS) surpassed analyst estimates with its fiscal second quarter earnings and provided good news from its streaming arena. Although it is still behind Netflix Inc (NASDAQ: NFLX) on the streaming front, when excluding ESPN, Disney+ and Hulu reported a combined profit for the very first time. However, shares tanked 10% upon the report as overall revenue failed to impress for the fourth straight quarter and Disney guided for a softer third quarter for the ex 

24. 25 Best Kept Secret Places to Visit in Florida In this article, we’ll take a look at the 25 Best Kept Secret Places to Visit in Florida. We’ll also discuss Florida’s tourism industry, its contribution to the state’s economy, and the industry’s top players. To skip the detailed analysis and have a quick overview of the top 10 places, read 10 Best Kept Secret […] 

25. Company News for May 8, 2024 Companies In The Article Are:AAPL,DDOG,DIS,TSLA 

