Google unveils new gen. AI features, enters its 'Gemini era' During the 2024 Google I/O keynote address, Alphabet CEO Sundar Pichai (GOOG, GOOGL) unveiled a new slate of generative AI features, such as AI-integrated search. Google claims that these new products are a part of its “Gemini era.” Yahoo Finance Tech Editor Dan Howley joins Market Domination live from the Google I/O conference to discuss Google's latest developments and competition with OpenAI. For more expert insight and the latest market action, click here to watch this full episode of Market Domination. This post was written by Nicholas Jacobino 
7 Income Strategies for Your $1 Million Portfolio Download The Definitive Guide to Retirement Income to learn ways to grow your wealth and generate income from your portfolio. [Free Guide] 
Google mentioned 'AI' 120+ times during its I/O keynote It ran 110 minutes, but Google managed to reference AI a whopping 121 times during Google I/O 2024 (by its own count). CEO Sundar Pichai referenced the figure to wrap up the presentation, cheekily stating that the company was doing the "hard work" of counting for us. No surprise, of course, that the topic took center stage, but even so, it's an impressive figure for a presentation that ran roughly 110 minutes, all told. Gemini and its various iterations stole the spotlight (after preshow warmup 
New tariffs on China, meme rally, Walmart layoffs: Morning Brief In today's edition of The Morning Brief, Hosts Seana Smith and Brad Smith break down current market trends and what you need to know for the trading day ahead. Stocks (^DJI, ^IXIC, ^GSPC) opened relatively flat on Tuesday morning following hotter-than-expected Producer Price Index (PPI) inflation data for April. Jefferies Senior US Economist Thomas Simons joins the show to break down the PPI print and what it signals for the Federal Reserve, believing there is a chance interest rate cuts may not happen this year at all. Meanwhile, President Biden is set to unveil a new wave of tariffs on Chinese imports, including electric vehicles, semiconductors, and precious minerals. Yahoo Finance's Jennifer Schonberger analyzes the sectors most likely to be impacted. Meme stocks like GameStop (GME) continue to soar in a second-day rally following the online return of user "Roaring Kitty" on X (formerly Twitter), who was largely responsible for the 2021 GameStop short squeeze. However, the retail sector is under pressure, as Walmart (WMT) is reportedly preparing to lay off hundreds of corporate workers and Home Depot (HD) posted first-quarter earnings that fell below Wall Street estimates, signaling a pullback on consumer spending. Shares of Alibaba (BABA) also sunk after the company posted an 86% loss in profit year-over-year.  Tesla (TSLA) is backpedaling its recent decision to lay off most of its Supercharger team, as Bloomberg reports the electric vehicle giant is preparing to rehire some of them. Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL) is expected to unveil new artificial intelligence initiatives in its Google I/O developer conference today. This post was written by Melanie Riehl 
Gemini comes to Gmail to summarize, draft emails, and more Gmail is getting an AI-powered upgrade. At its Google I/O 2024 conference on Tuesday, Google announced that Gmail users will be able to search, summarize, and draft their emails using its Gemini AI technology. It will also be able to take action on emails for more complex tasks, like helping you process an e-commerce return by searching your inbox, finding the receipt, and filling out an online form. In one demo at I/O, the company showed how a parent who wanted to catch up on what was going on 
Google will use Gemini to detect scams during calls For a few years now, carriers have been using lists to alert users of potential spam and scam calls as they come in. These systems are hardly foolproof. So what happens once a user picks up? At the Google I/O 2024 developer conference on Tuesday, Google previewed a feature it believes will alert users to potential scams during the call. The feature, which will be built into a future version of Android, uses Gemini Nano, the smallest version of Google’s Generative AI offering, which can be run en 
Save on iPhone 13 with 5G. Get the powerful iPhone 13 on us. With a new line on myPlan (Unlimited Welcome min. $65/mo w/Auto Pay (+taxes/fees) for 36 mos). No trade-in... 
Google Search gets biggest overhaul in years with new generative AI features Google is bringing some of the biggest changes to its search platform in years. 
Circle to Search is now a better homework helper It’s a teacher’s worst nightmare: The AI is doing the kids’ homework. At the Google I/O 2024 developer conference on Tuesday, the company announced that its AI-powered Circle to Search feature, which allows Android users to get instant answers using gestures like circling, will now be able to solve more complex problems across psychics and math word problems. The new capabilities are made possible thanks to Google’s new family of AI models for learning, LearnLM. The addition expands the capabili 
Google is adding more AI to its search results Google is adding more AI to its search, assuaging doubts that the company losing market share to competitors like ChatGPT and Perplexity. It is rolling out AI-powered overviews to users in the U.S., Google said at its Google IO 2024 developer event on Tuesday. Additionally, the company is also looking to use Gemini as an agent for things like trip planning. Liz Reid, head of search at Google, said that the company has built a custom Gemini model for search to combine real-time information, Googl 
Google I/O 2024: What to expect Google (GOOG,GOOGL) will kick off its annual developer conference on Tuesday with a keynote speech, which will likely focus on AI offerings from Google. Yahoo Finance Tech Editor Dan Howley joins Wealth! live from Google I/O 2024 to discuss what investors need to keep in mind regarding Google's potential announcements on AI For more expert insight and the latest market action, click here to watch this full episode of Wealth! This post was written by Nicholas Jacobino 
Pay 0% Interest for Up to 21 Months Pay 0% interest on purchases or balance transfers for up to 21 months with these cards. Read full review >> 
As Google gears up for I/O event, AI takes center stage Alphabet's (GOOG, GOOGL) Google is set to host its highly anticipated I/O developer conference on Tuesday, where the tech giant is expected to unveil new AI offerings. This development follows Apple's (AAPL) recent launch of its latest iPad lineup, which boasts new AI features. Furthermore, OpenAI has introduced a new version of its ChatGPT bot that can listen and communicate verbally. Yahoo Finance's Seana Smith and Brad Smith break down the details of the tech companies' growing investments and strategic approaches to AI. For more expert insight and the latest market action, click here to watch this full episode of Morning Brief. This post was written by Angel Smith 
Another streaming bundle: Comcast's Peacock to partner with Netflix, Apple TV+ The new bundle, which combines Peacock, Netflix and Apple TV+, highlights a new wave of partnerships among streamers to gain more loyal subscribers. 
Google I/O Event Expectations Run High Amid OpenAI, Microsoft Rivalry Expectations run high ahead of Alphabet's Google I/O conference for software developers today, with analysts anticipating a slew of AI announcements. 
Google AI updates a ‘direct response’ to ChatGPT dominance, experts say The tech giant has unveiled a wide range of new AI tools. 
Here’s The Average Cost Of Gutter Guards For Smaller Homes Click here to see what’s available in your area. 
Ray Dalio Amplifies Stake in Alphabet Inc, Impacting Portfolio by 2.54% Insight into Bridgewater Associates' Latest Strategic Moves in Q1 2024 
Ray Dalio's Firm Amplifies Stake in Alphabet Inc, Impacting Portfolio by 2.54% Bridgewater releases its 1st-quarter portfolio update 
TikTok creators file suit to block US divestment or ban law A group of TikTok creators said Tuesday they filed suit in U.S. federal court seeking to block a law signed by President Joe Biden that would force the divestiture of the short video app used by 170 million Americans or ban it.  "Although they come from different places, professions, walks of life, and political persuasions, they are united in their view that TikTok provides them a unique and irreplaceable means to express themselves and form community," said the lawsuit.  Last week, TikTok and its Chinese parent company ByteDance filed a similar lawsuit, arguing that the law violates the U.S. Constitution on a number of grounds including running afoul of First Amendment free speech protections. 
Google rebuilds search engine around AI and unveils new image and video tools The tech giant is holding its annual developer conference, Google I/O, in California. 
Top 5 Financial Advisor Firms in The United States To get matched with an individual advisor, click the button below to be connected with our matching tool. 
Google shows off latest AI models as competition with OpenAI, Microsoft heats up Google rolled out its latest artificial intelligence models' capabilities at its annual developer conference, Google I/O, on Tuesday as its competition with rivals heats up. 
Google’s I/O Event Promises Lots More AI. The Stock Gets a Small Bump. Google’s developer conference is expected to feature dozens of sessions on the company’s own artificial intelligence technologies. 
Google to Roll Out AI Search Summaries to Billions by Year-End Starting this week in the U.S., hundreds of millions of people will begin seeing AI overviews in Google search, as the company strengthens its embrace of generative artificial intelligence. 
