JPMorgan objects to proxy adviser’s push for CEO, chair split The bank said ISS’s recommendation “fails to match the empirical evidence of the last 18 years of leadership” by Jamie Dimon, who occupies both roles at JPMorgan. 
7 Income Strategies for Your $1 Million Portfolio Download The Definitive Guide to Retirement Income to learn ways to grow your wealth and generate income from your portfolio. [Free Guide] 
JPMorgan Chase Commits £40 Million More to Help Drive Sustainable Economic Growth in the United Kingdom LONDON, May 14, 2024--Today JPMorgan Chase expanded its commitment to the United Kingdom by announcing £40 million in new investments over five years to help connect young people and underserved communities to economic opportunities – bringing the firm’s total commitment since 2019 to £90 million. Building on learnings from the firm’s 200 year history of doing business in the U.K., JPMorgan Chase is increasing its support in two focus areas: financial health and careers and skills. 
JPMorgan pushes back on ISS recommendations on severance, independent chair ISS had supported the proposal that two separate people hold the office of the chairman and the office of the CEO, both roles currently held by Jamie Dimon.  The largest U.S. lender, plans to split the roles when CEO Jamie Dimon eventually steps down, according to its annual proxy statement.  ISS had also backed a shareholder proposal that JPMorgan adopt a policy to seek shareholder approval of senior managers' new or renewed pay package that provides for golden parachute payments. 
UPDATE 2-JPMorgan pushes back on ISS recommendations on severance, independent chair JPMorgan Chase on Monday pushed back against recommendations made by proxy advisor Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS) on investor proposals on severance payouts and the separation of the CEO and board chair positions.  ISS had supported the proposal that two separate people hold the office of the chairman and the office of the CEO, both roles currently held by Jamie Dimon.  The largest U.S. lender, plans to split the roles when CEO Jamie Dimon eventually steps down, according to its annual proxy statement. 
Dow Jones Banking Giant JPMorgan, Nvidia Chipmaker TSMC In Or Near Buy Zones Dow Jones banking giant JPMorgan and Nvidia chipmaker Taiwan Semiconductor are in or near buy zones Monday. 
Save on the impressive iPhone 14. Get iPhone 14, on us. With a new line on myPlan (Unlimited Welcome min. $65/mo w/Auto Pay (+taxes/fees) for 36 mos). Terms apply. 
JPMorgan lures $28B adviser team from Merrill Lynch The Gray-Polverini team that joined JPMorgan’s wealth management unit in Los Angeles generated nearly $10 million in annual revenue. 
What investors can take away from Q1 bank earnings reports What lies ahead for the banking industry this year? Here's what analysts and investors are tracking after the latest bank earnings reports. 
20 Largest Publicly Traded Financial Companies in the US In this article, we will be taking a look at the 20 largest publicly traded financial companies in the US. If you want to skip our detailed analysis, you can go directly to see the 5 Largest Publicly Traded Financial Companies in the US. Navigating the Financial Landscape The finance sector plays a crucial role […] 
Private equity is helping banks shed some of their risks Banks are using "credit risk transfers" with private equity firms to help alleviate their regulatory burdens and protect against future losses. 
Here’s The Average Cost Of Gutter Guards For Smaller Homes Click here to see what’s available in your area. 
Bull Market Buys: 3 Dow Stocks to Own for the Long Run These three Dow stocks have withstood the test of time and could be excellent additions to long-term investors' portfolios today. 
Credit Card Net Charge-Offs Are Rising. Here's Why Banks Aren't Too Concerned. Consumer credit card net charge-offs have gradually risen since the Federal Reserve began raising interest rates in 2022. 
Nvidia, JPMorgan Chase Lead Five Stocks Near Buy Points Nvidia and JPMorgan Chase lead this weekend's watch list of five stocks near buy points entering a pivotal stretch for the S&P 500. 
JPMorgan Chase Insiders Sell US$228m Of Stock, Possibly Signalling Caution The fact that multiple JPMorgan Chase & Co. ( NYSE:JPM ) insiders offloaded a considerable amount of shares over the... 
Who Normally Has the Cheapest Car Insurance?   
Nvidia Dethroned: This AI Chip Stock Now Rules This Elite Screen Broadcom just ended the reign of Nvidia, usurping the top spot on this list of new buys by the best mutual funds. 
JPMorgan Makes Massive Hire: $28 Billion Advisor Team From Merrill Lynch The Gray-Polverini wealth management team may be the largest ever recruited by a large brokerage when measured by assets under management. 
Big banks complete climate analysis for Fed while Powell tries to avoid becoming climate policymaker The Federal Reserve disclosed results from an assessment of how the biggest US banks would be impacted by climate change, an exercise that created new political tensions for the central bank. 
JPMorgan Chase Announces Conference Calls to Review First-Quarter, Second-Quarter, Third-Quarter and Fourth-Quarter 2025 Earnings NEW YORK, May 09, 2024--JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) ("JPMorgan Chase" or the "Firm") plans to host conference calls to review financial results on the following dates: 
You don’t need to refinance to get cash See how much you could get with a home equity loan. Get started with a lender. 
20 Largest Banks in the US by Customers In this article, we will look at the 20 largest banks in the US by customers. If you wish to skip our detailed analysis, you can go directly to 5 Largest Banks in the US by Customers. Banking Industry in the US: An Overview The failure of prominent US banks including Silicon Valley Bank (SVB), […] 
20 Largest Banks in the US by Asset Size in 2024 In this article, we will look at the 20 largest banks in the US by asset size in 2024. If you wish to skip our detailed analysis, you can go directly to 5 Largest Banks in the US by Asset Size in 2024. Overview of the Banking Sector in the US According to the latest […] 
Commerce Bancshares' (CBSH) Balance Sheet Revamp to Aid NII Commerce Bancshares (CBSH) announces a strategic balance sheet repositioning, which will drive its NII higher. This follows the acceptance of a share exchange deal with Visa. 
