Lilly Settles With Spa Selling Mounjaro, Zepbound Knock-Offs Eli Lilly has reached its first legal settlement with one of the spas that it had accused in lawsuits of infringing its trademarks by selling alternative versions of Lilly’s hot-selling drugs for diabetes and weight loss.  Both Lilly and its archrival Novo Nordisk have been trying to crack down on the sale of custom-made versions of their drugs.  The alternative versions have become popular because they’re often cheaper than the originals, and available when the brand-name versions are in short supply. 
Buying Nvidia? Wall Street Legend Issues Urgent A.I....   
2 Top Pharma Stocks That Just Keep Getting Better and Better Both of these businesses are finding traction in a pair of major markets. 
Is Eli Lilly's Latest Deal a Gamechanger? Eli Lilly just took a page out of Novo Nordisk's book. 
3 Magnificent Stocks That Are Passive Income Machines These three companies have track records that should please investors. 
Wegovy weight loss sustained for four years in trial, Novo Nordisk says Patients taking Novo Nordisk's popular Wegovy obesity treatment maintained an average of 10% weight loss after four years on the treatment, the company said on Tuesday.  Novo presented the new long-term data at the European Congress on Obesity in Venice, Italy, gleaned from a large study for which much of the results had been published last year.  "This is the longest study we've conducted so far of semaglutide for weight loss," Martin Holst Lange, Novo's head of development, said in an interview, referring to the active ingredient in Wegovy and the company's diabetes drug Ozempic. 
Experience Dexcom G7® Yourself. Request A Free Sample. Request a FREE 10-day sample to better understand how the Dexcom G7® works firsthand. 
Pfizer Follows Eli Lilly's Footsteps To Sell Medicines Directly To Patients Pfizer Inc (NYSE:PFE) is looking to build on the success of its COVID-19 vaccine rollout by introducing a direct-to-consumer medicines platform under the brand “Pfizer for All.” The move, reflected in a recent trademark application, aims to provide medical information, mail-order pharmacy, and telehealth services to US patients. Recent reports indicate Pfizer’s intention to include various medications, including its COVID antiviral Paxlovid and diagnostic kits, on the platform later this year, e 
1 No-Brainer Growth Stock to Buy and Hold It's hard to bet against this high-flying stock. 
Want Decades of Passive Income? 3 Stocks to Buy Now and Hold Forever. These pharmaceutical companies are top-notch dividend growth stocks for the future. 
Pharma Stock Roundup: PFE DMD Study Patient Death, FDA Panel Meet for LLY's Donanemab Pfizer (PFE) reports the death of a participant in a mid-stage study of its Duchenne drug. An FDA panel meeting to discuss Eli Lilly's (LLY) donanemab is set to take place on Jun 10. 
Searching for income? Introducing INCM, a flexible and dynamic ETF searching for attractive income opportunities across market cycles. 
How A Top Fund Beats The Market By Owning Future Leaders Julianne McHugh, lead manager of best mutual fund BNY Mellon Large Cap Securities, isn't interested in blue-chip stars of yesteryear. 
Innovent’s mazdutide superior to Trulicity in Phase III T2D trial Key secondary endpoints also showed mazdutide's superior benefits in both glucose-lowering and weight loss. 
Zacks Investment Ideas feature highlights: Eaton,  Eli Lilly and Arista Networks Eaton, Eli Lilly and Arista Networks have been highlighted in this Investment Ideas article. 
UPDATE 2-India's Cipla open to partnering with Eli Lilly to market their obesity drugs, CEO says Cipla is open to partnering with U.S. drugmaker Eli Lilly to market its blockbuster obesity treatment drugs in India, the company's CEO said on Friday.  Global demand has outpaced supply for Lilly's Mounjaro and Zepbound as well as Danish rival Novo Nordisk's Wegovy and Ozempic.  Sensing the market opportunity, Indian drugmakers, including Cipla, are working to develop their copycat versions of the weight-loss drugs to aggressively grab a larger share in the market in the world's most populous country. 
Save on the new iPhone 15. Newphoria. Get the new iPhone 15, on us. With new line on select Unlimited plans (Unlimited Plus min. $80/mo w/Auto Pay (+taxes/fees) for 36 mos). Online... 
Making Money Off the Weight-Loss Revolution Has Even Wall Street Befuddled Krispy Kreme  faced a looming threat: the growing popularity of buzzy weight-loss drugs.  For months, short sellers had piled on bearish wagers on the theory that Krispy Kreme customers using drugs such as Ozempic would lose their appetite for treats.  As it turns out, picking losers from the weight-loss drug revolution isn’t so easy. 
3 Stocks to Buy Following Guidance Upgrades Guidance lifts are among the most positive announcements shareholders can hear, injecting confidence in the long-term picture. And that's precisely what these three companies have recently announced. 
Amphastar Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMPH) Q1 2024 Earnings Call Transcript Amphastar Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMPH) Q1 2024 Earnings Call Transcript May 8, 2024 Amphastar Pharmaceuticals, Inc. isn’t one of the 30 most popular stocks among hedge funds at the end of the third quarter (see the details here). Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Amphastar Pharmaceuticals’ First Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are […] 
Is Eli Lilly Stock A Buy Or A Sell As FDA Plans Meeting To Discuss Alzheimer's Drug? Eli Lilly stock broke out, but then slumped. The FDA is soon to hold a meeting to discuss its Alzheimer's drug. Is LLY stock a buy or a sell? 
Seniors Get Crystal-Clear Hearing Without Breaking The Bank   
Q1 2024 Amphastar Pharmaceuticals Inc Earnings Call Q1 2024 Amphastar Pharmaceuticals Inc Earnings Call 
Are You a Momentum Investor? This 1 Stock Could Be the Perfect Pick Wondering how to pick strong, market-beating stocks for your investment portfolio? Look no further than the Zacks Style Scores. 
What About Eli Lilly's Drug For Early Alzheimer's? FDA Panel To Discuss Next Month Tuesday, the FDA said it would convene an in-person meeting of the Peripheral and Central Nervous System Drugs Advisory Committee on Monday, June 10, 2024, to discuss Eli Lilly and Co’s (NYSE:LLY) donanemab for early symptomatic Alzheimer’s disease. The open public hearing portion of the meeting will be conducted virtually. The Phase 3 study submitted as part of this application, TRAILBLAZER-ALZ 2, is a double-blind, placebo-controlled study to evaluate the safety and efficacy of donanemab in pa 
