Big Tech sees neurotechnology as its next AI frontier As Big Tech races to build off of neurotech advancements in the medical world, experts have cautioned that it could put our most valuable data — the privacy of our thoughts — at risk. 
Searching for income? Introducing INCM, a flexible and dynamic ETF searching for attractive income opportunities across market cycles. 
Meta, Apple are investing in tech that can decode your thoughts AI can now decode your brain activity—a fancy way of saying mind reading. Big tech companies like Meta (META) are backing research into this field, including products that can decode thoughts without requiring surgery. The big question: what does our world look like if big tech companies can read your mind? Tech companies are building off neurotech advancements in the medical world. Meta is backing a team of neuroscientists whose research uncovered nonsurgical ways to detect brain activity and speech to interpret your thoughts. In 2022, Apple (AAPL) also filed a patent for AirPods that uses EEG technology to measure biosignals and electrical activity of a user's brain. Noninvasive mind reading can be revolutionary in medicine for patients - it can also be used by big tech for consumer-facing products that put privacy at risk. Neurorights advocates believe our thoughts are the last piece of data we have left to ourselves. That’s why they are now fighting for legislation that would safeguard our mental privacy while tech companies continue funding brain-scanning research. If you’re going to future-proof your portfolio, you need to know what’s NEXT in the business of neurotechnology. In this series, Yahoo Finance will feature stories that give a glimpse at the future, and show how companies are making big moves today that will matter tomorrow. For more on our NEXT series, click here, and tune in to Yahoo Finance Live for more expert insight and the latest market action, Monday through Friday. 
RFK Jr and super PAC sue Meta, claiming election interference Independent U.S. presidential candidate Robert F. Kennedy Jr and a super PAC supporting him filed a lawsuit on Monday against Facebook parent Meta Platforms, alleging the tech giant interfered in the election after it blocked a political advertisement.  The lawsuit, filed in federal court in San Francisco by Kennedy and the American Values 2024 super PAC, which paid for the advertisement, a 30-minute video about Kennedy's life, says Meta censored the video by removing it and blocking users on its platforms from watching, sharing or posting a link to it.  Meta owns the Facebook, Instagram, Threads and WhatsApp platforms. 
Facebook Use May Have Raised Trump Chances in 2020, Report Shows (Bloomberg) -- Using Facebook in the lead-up to the US 2020 presidential election might have increased the chances of someone voting for Donald Trump, university researchers said in a study published Monday in the academic journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.Most Read from BloombergTrump Vows ‘Day One’ Executive Order Targeting Offshore WindGameStop Shares Soar as ‘Roaring Kitty’ Revitalizes Meme ManiaChina to Start $138 Billion Bond Sale on Friday to Boost EconomyTesla Rehir 
Magnificent Seven Stocks: Apple, Nvidia, Tesla Rally; Google, Meta Slide Magnificent Seven stocks, including AI leader Nvidia, are among the best stocks to watch in today's stock market. 
Is Retiring With a $500k+ Portfolio Realistic? What you need to know in only 15 Minutes. Prepare your nest egg with The 15-Minute Retirement Plan from Fisher Investments. 
Meta Stock Continues To Fall: Is The Era Of AI Gains Coming To An End? Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) has been grappling with declining investor confidence despite delivering better-than-expected financials for the fiscal first quarter of 2024. Shares of META have declined by nearly 7% over the past month. The ... 
Meta exploring AI-assisted earbuds with cameras, The Information reports Meta Platforms is exploring making earphones powered by artificial intelligence with cameras. 
Nvidia Seems Poised to Enter the Multibillion-Dollar Custom Artificial Intelligence (AI) Chip Market Nvidia's new custom chip unit will reportedly focus on custom chips for data center AI and other applications. 
Are You a Growth Investor? This 1 Stock Could Be the Perfect Pick Wondering how to pick strong, market-beating stocks for your investment portfolio? Look no further than the Zacks Style Scores. 
You don’t need to refinance to get cash See how much you could get with a home equity loan. Get started with a lender. 
Is Trending Stock Meta Platforms, Inc. (META) a Buy Now? Meta Platforms (META) has been one of the stocks most watched by Zacks.com users lately. So, it is worth exploring what lies ahead for the stock. 
Calculating The Intrinsic Value Of Meta Platforms, Inc. (NASDAQ:META) Key Insights Meta Platforms' estimated fair value is US$559 based on 2 Stage Free Cash Flow to Equity With US$476 share... 
Billionaire Ken Fisher Loves These 10 AI Stocks In this article, we will take a detailed look at Billionaire Ken Fisher Loves These 10 AI Stocks. If you want to skip our detailed analysis and see the top 5 stocks in this list, click Billionaire Ken Fisher Loves These 5 AI Stocks. Earlier this month, billionaire Ken Fisher, while talking to Bloomberg, said that in his career […] 
25 Careers with the Most Job Security in the US In this article, we will look at the 25 careers with the most job security in the US. We have also talked about growing concerns about job insecurity due to AI. If you want to skip our detailed analysis, head straight to the 10 Careers with the Most Job Security in the US. According to […] 
MOAT ETF: A Decade of Dominance The VanEck Morningstar Wide Moat ETF (MOAT) has a 10-year record of beating the S&P 500 by targeting quality stocks with attractive valuations. 
Dividend Payouts Are Latest Sign of Big Tech’s Financial Muscle (Bloomberg) -- After years of chasing growth at all costs, tech firms are taking a page from the playbook of old-school value businesses — paying a dividend. Throwing off more cash than they can spend, the shift to a regular payout provides more evidence for the companies’ financial strength.Most Read from BloombergTrump Vows ‘Day One’ Executive Order Targeting Offshore WindPutin Names Economist as Defense Minister in Surprise ReshuffleChina to Start $138 Billion Bond Sale on Friday to Boost Eco 
Is It Too Late to Buy Meta Platforms Stock? Investors should take a closer look at this winning stock. 
AI wearables that can make the physically impossible a reality For decades, companies and researchers have been exploring implantable devices that can make the physically impossible a reality. These devices have been game-changers for people like Rodney, a patient based in Australia who has amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, also known as ALS or Lou Gehrig's disease. ALS gradually inhibits all movement, including your ability to communicate. Rodney was able to communicate with me by using the Stentrode device: a tiny electrode that converts brain signals into physical actions. In other words, the device reads his mind, by allowing him to type without ever moving his hands. The Stentrode was developed by Synchron, a neurotech company backed by Jeff Bezos and Bill Gates. And it’s only the beginning. Tech companies like Meta (META) are building off neurotech advancements in the medical world, which could lead to more consumer facing neurotech products in the future. If you’re going to future-proof your portfolio, you need to know what’s NEXT in the business of neurotechnology. In this series, Yahoo Finance will feature stories that give a glimpse at the future, and show how companies are making big moves today that will matter tomorrow. For more on our NEXT series, click here, and tune in to Yahoo Finance Live for more expert insight and the latest market action, Monday through Friday. 
The Surprising Reason the S&P 500 Is Starting to Look Cheap The stock market is going up for all the right reasons. 
America has a new type of money making some rich—should...   
3 Stocks That Can Help You Get Richer in 2025 and Beyond These companies have all grown quite huge, with more growth potential ahead. Consider investing in them while their prices are reasonable. 
2 Nasdaq Stocks That Could Crush Nvidia and Deliver Bigger Gains, Thanks to Artificial Intelligence (AI) Investors looking for stocks capable of delivering more upside than Nvidia over the next five years should take a closer look at these two names. 
From Facebook to Meta: Zuckerberg’s Big Bet A new podcast series examines what Meta Platforms’ multibillion-dollar bet on the metaverse means for the company, investors and internet users. 
