OpenAI's GPT-4o: Google, Apple at 'risk' if they don't catch up OpenAi announced a new flagship chatbot called GPT-4o, which can operate in 50 different languages with improved speed and quality, according to Chief Technology Officer Mira Murati. This announcement comes ahead of a potential deal between OpenAi and Apple (AAPL) to put ChatGPT in iPhones, Bloomberg reports. Moor Insights & Strategy Founder and CEO Patrick Moorhead joins Market Domination&nbsp;to give insight into the announcement from OpenAi and its potential deal with Apple. Moorhead outlines why this announcement was important for OpenAi despite lagging evidence about the impact of AI adoption: "Technology is always slower to be adopted than we all think it's going to. In Silicon Valley, it comes overnight. But the reality is to hit typical consumers and even businesses come years after use. But you have to show off the latest and greatest to get people excited. It's kind of like the beginning of an investment bubble, right? Let's get everybody excited. Let's show the capability we're going to hit the trough of disillusionment at some point, but it's to get people tied in." For more expert insight and the latest market action, click here to watch this full episode of Market Domination. This post was written by Nicholas Jacobino 
Dexcom G7 Is Easy To Use and Easy To Get Started. Simply... Request a free 10-day sample to better understand how the Dexcom G7 works firsthand. 
Melinda French Gates Is Resigning From the Gates Foundation She said she is moving into “the next chapter” with her philanthropy and will have an additional $12.5 billion to commit to her work on behalf of women and girls. 
Magnificent Seven Stocks: Apple, Nvidia, Tesla Rally; Google, Meta Slide Magnificent Seven stocks, including AI leader Nvidia, are among the best stocks to watch in today's stock market. 
Melinda Gates quits Gates Foundation after divorce from Microsoft billionaire Melinda French Gates has resigned from the charity she set up with her billionaire husband Bill three years after the couple filed for divorce. 
Apple, OpenAI Deal Set to Boost Siri Technology, Attract Developers, Spur Growth, Wedbush Says Apple, OpenAI Deal Set to Boost Siri Technology, Attract Developers, Spur Growth, Wedbush Says 
Controversial CEO cut salary to $1 then receives...   
ChatGPT maker OpenAI announces new 'flagship' model ChatGPT creator OpenAI on Monday introduced a new advanced artificial intelligence model, GPT-40, and showed off its new features, which will be free for users. 
Melinda French Gates is resigning from the $63 billion Gates Foundation to focus on ‘the next chapter’ of her philanthropy As part of an agreement she made with Bill Gates, Melinda French Gates said that she now has “an additional $12.5 billion to commit to my work on behalf of women and families." 
How OpenAI Trimmed $50 Billion off Alphabet's Market Cap on Monday Will OpenAI introduce a new product that can threaten Google? 
PDD, Intel, Arm, Microsoft, and Other Tech Stocks in Focus Today A number of tech stocks outperformed early Monday, leading the way higher at the start of a week that will see inflation data roll in. 
Is Retiring With a $500k+ Portfolio Realistic? What you need to know in only 15 Minutes. Prepare your nest egg with The 15-Minute Retirement Plan from Fisher Investments. 
France Secures $16 Billion From Microsoft, Amazon and Others at Foreign Investment Summit The investment commitments underscore a push from President Emmanuel Macron to promote the country as an attractive destination for international investors. 
Nvidia Seems Poised to Enter the Multibillion-Dollar Custom Artificial Intelligence (AI) Chip Market Nvidia's new custom chip unit will reportedly focus on custom chips for data center AI and other applications. 
Microsoft pledges $4.3 billion investment at Macron’s ‘Choose France’ summit Microsoft announced its most substantial commitment yet to France, pledging on Monday to invest 4 billion euros ($4.3 billion) this year to bolster the country’s burgeoning artificial intelligence sector.  The move is part of a broader effort unveiled during President Emmanuel Macron’s pro-business event, Choose France, which aims to attract foreign investment and stimulate economic growth.  Microsoft’s vice chair and president, Brad Smith, visited the company’s French headquarters with Macron. 
Investors Heavily Search Microsoft Corporation (MSFT): Here is What You Need to Know Zacks.com users have recently been watching Microsoft (MSFT) quite a bit. Thus, it is worth knowing the facts that could determine the stock's prospects. 
Pay 0% Interest for Up to 21 Months Pay 0% interest on purchases or balance transfers for up to 21 months with these cards. Read full review >> 
Dow Jones Futures Rise; Apple, Google Move On iPhone News; Nvidia Gets Price Target Hike Futures rose with Apple reportedly near a deal to use Microsoft-backed OpenAI tech, a blow to Google. Nvidia got a big price target hike. 
1 Top Dividend Growth ETF to Buy and Hold for 10 Years Patience should pay off with this stock. 
Amazon and Microsoft invest in France’s cloud and AI infrastructure AWS and Microsoft have invested $1.3bn and $4.3bn in France's cloud and AI industries respectively. 
France bags $16 billion investment boost from Microsoft, Pfizer and others as Macron goes on FDI charm offensive France usually receives among the highest inward FDI in Europe, but even so $16 billion is a lot to announce on one day. 
Ask a Pro: "Should I Convert My IRA to a Roth After Age 60?" Take this quiz to find a vetted advisor who can help answer your questions. 
Market Chatter: European Commission Reportedly Set to Issue Antitrust Charges Against Microsoft Over Teams, Software Bundling Market Chatter: European Commission Reportedly Set to Issue Antitrust Charges Against Microsoft Over Teams, Software Bundling 
Social Buzz: Wallstreetbets Stocks Mostly Higher Premarket Monday; GameStop, AMC Entertainment to Advance Social Buzz: Wallstreetbets Stocks Mostly Higher Premarket Monday; GameStop, AMC Entertainment to Advance 
US STOCKS-Futures edge higher at start of data-heavy week Futures for the main U.S. indexes were slightly higher on Monday, after several weeks of gains, as investors awaited key inflation figures this week to gauge the likelihood of interest rate cuts this year.  On Friday, the S&P 500 and Nasdaq Composite registered their third week of gains in a row for the first time since January, while the Dow posted its biggest weekly gain since mid-December.  The indexes were also trading near their peaks, boosted by stronger-than-expected earnings reports and signs of a cooling U.S. labor market that fueled bets of one or two rate cuts by the U.S. Federal Reserve this year. 
