Electric Vehicle (EV) ETFs Struggling: Near-Term Turnaround Likely? Once-burgeoning electric vehicle startups, powered by favorable financial conditions and investor optimism, are now grappling with the tough scenarios of the market. But is there a light at the end of the tunnel? 
7 Income Strategies for Your $1 Million Portfolio Download The Definitive Guide to Retirement Income to learn ways to grow your wealth and generate income from your portfolio. [Free Guide] 
Why Clean Energy Stocks Collapsed This Week Earnings season has been terrible for clean energy companies. 
1 Wall Street Analyst Thinks Nikola Stock Is Going to $0.50. Is It a Sell Around $0.58? The electric vehicle industry is struggling, and this company is struggling more than most. 
Should You Buy Nikola Stock Today? Nikola is struggling to gain traction in the trucking industry. 
Nikola Corporation (NASDAQ:NKLA) Q1 2024 Earnings Call Transcript Nikola Corporation (NASDAQ:NKLA) Q1 2024 Earnings Call Transcript May 7, 2024 Nikola Corporation reports earnings inline with expectations. Reported EPS is $-0.09 EPS, expectations were $-0.09. Nikola Corporation isn’t one of the 30 most popular stocks among hedge funds at the end of the third quarter (see the details here). Operator: Good morning. Welcome to […] 
Buying Nvidia in 2024? Wall Street Legend Issues Urgent...   
NIKOLA EXPANDS HYDROGEN NETWORK WITH INAUGURATION OF SECOND HYLA REFUELING STATION IN SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA Nikola Corporation (Nasdaq: NKLA), a global leader in zero-emissions transportation and energy supply and infrastructure solutions, via the HYLA brand, proudly announces the opening of its latest HYLA high-pressure modular refueling station and facility in Southern Calif. 
Nikola Corp (NKLA) Q1 2024 Earnings Call Transcript Highlights: Unveiling Financial Strides and ... Explore key financial outcomes and strategic market insights from Nikola Corp's latest earnings call. 
Q1 2024 Nikola Corp Earnings Call Q1 2024 Nikola Corp Earnings Call 
Nikola (NKLA) Q1 2024 Earnings Call Transcript NKLA earnings call for the period ending March 31, 2024. 
Searching for income? Introducing INCM, a flexible and dynamic ETF searching for attractive income opportunities across market cycles. 
EV Truck Maker Nikola's Topline Plunges 30% in Q1 On Weak Demand, Stock Tanks Nikola Corp (NASDAQ:NKLA) stock declined after the company reported its fiscal first quarter 2024 results Tuesday. The company reported sales of $7.5 million, vs. $10.7 million a year ago, missing the analyst consensus estimate of $15.8 million. Adjusted EPS loss of $(0.09) versus $(0.22) Y/Y, beat the analyst consensus loss estimate of $(0.10). Nikola produced 43 trucks in the quarter compared to 63 a year ago and shipped 40 trucks compared to 31 a year ago. Nikola maintained its dominant marke 
Nikola Stock Falls After Earnings Report. It Sees ‘Green Shoots’ for Electric Trucks. The company reports a per-share loss of 11 cents from sales of $7.5 million. Wall Street was looking for a loss of 10 cents from sales of $15.8 million. 
Nikola Corp (NKLA) Q1 2024 Earnings: Misses Revenue Forecasts with Strategic Advances in ... Comprehensive Analysis of Nikola Corp's First Quarter Financial Performance and Strategic Developments 
Nikola (NKLA) Reports Q1 Loss, Misses Revenue Estimates Nikola (NKLA) delivered earnings and revenue surprises of 0% and 50.20%, respectively, for the quarter ended March 2024. Do the numbers hold clues to what lies ahead for the stock? 
Here’s The Average Cost Of Gutter Guards For Smaller Homes Click here to see what’s available in your area. 
Nikola's revenue misses estimates on slowing truck demand It delivered 75 of its hydrogen fuel cell trucks in the first two quarters of production and completed the delivery of its reworked battery truck at the end of the first quarter.  The company, however, delayed its delivery timeline for its reworked battery trucks to 2024 end from its earlier plan to complete it by the end of the second quarter or early third quarter.  It expects to deliver between 50 and 60 fuel cell hydrogen trucks in the second quarter, executives from the company said in a post-earnings conference call. 
Nikola Corporation Reports First Quarter 2024 Results Nikola Corporation (Nasdaq: NKLA), a global leader in zero-emissions transportation and energy supply and infrastructure solutions, via the HYLA brand, today reported financial results and business updates for the quarter ended March 31, 2024. 
Where Will Nikola Stock Be in 5 Years? Shares in this once-hot EV company are drifting down. Is there any hope for a rebound? 
Stock Market Crash Warning: Don’t Get Caught Holding These 3 Battery Stocks. The battery sector is fascinating for investors as producers, recyclers, and developers look to capitalize on the growing demand for batteries. Since the popularity stems from the demand for lithium batteries used in electric vehicles (EVs), the surges and falls of battery stock prices reflect worldwide consumer interest in EVs quite well. While many companies benefit from the demand, the market remains volatile, and companies that have not found solid footing are on shaky ground. These three ba 
You don’t need to refinance to get cash See how much you could get with a home equity loan. Get started with a lender. 
3 EV Stocks That Could Be Heading Six-Feet Under There might be better times to invest in EV stocks, and I think now is the time to look for EV stocks to avoid instead. The sector is grappling with a myriad of challenges, with the biggest fishes losing a ton of value of late. With the sector’s bellwethers struggling, the situation for smaller players becomes even more precarious. Hence, it’s probably the right time for investors to think about the EV stocks to avoid. With all the headwinds in play, the ultimate result for the EV space is wanin 
Nikola (NKLA) to Report Q1 Earnings: Here's What to Expect The Zacks Consensus Estimate for Nikola's (NKLA) first-quarter loss per share and revenues is pegged at 9 cents and $15.05 million, respectively. 
Stock Market Crash Warning: Don’t Get Caught Holding These 7 Penny Stocks Given the recent market volatility, many traders are trying to make money in penny stocks. With low prices and elevated volatility, penny stocks could be a great way for traders to cash in on breaking news and rapid changes in market sentiment. However, with the seemingly weakening economic and political backdrop, this is a risky time to be owning most penny stocks. After all, firms normally end up with a rock-bottom share price because something has gone dramatically wrong with their business m 
