China tariffs, Nvidia earnings, how to view Apple: Opening Bid The trade war with China has become a key talking point in the 2024 election, with President Joe Biden expected to increase tariffs on Chinese electric vehicles and former President Trump suggesting a 60% tariff on goods from the country. Interactive Brokers Chief Strategist Steve Sosnick weighs in on what it could mean for investors. He also tells Yahoo Finance Executive Editor Brian Sozzi about what he's looking for from Nvidia (NVDA) earnings and why Apple is "the premiere value stock." Click here for more Opening Bid. This post was written by Stephanie Mikulich. 
6 Mistakes Retirees Should Avoid When Hiring a Financial... Potential pitfalls you should be aware of before you choose who to hire. 
Meta, Apple are investing in tech that can decode your thoughts AI can now decode your brain activity—a fancy way of saying mind reading. Big tech companies like Meta (META) are backing research into this field, including products that can decode thoughts without requiring surgery. The big question: what does our world look like if big tech companies can read your mind? Tech companies are building off neurotech advancements in the medical world. Meta is backing a team of neuroscientists whose research uncovered nonsurgical ways to detect brain activity and speech to interpret your thoughts. In 2022, Apple (AAPL) also filed a patent for AirPods that uses EEG technology to measure biosignals and electrical activity of a user's brain. Noninvasive mind reading can be revolutionary in medicine for patients - it can also be used by big tech for consumer-facing products that put privacy at risk. Neurorights advocates believe our thoughts are the last piece of data we have left to ourselves. That’s why they are now fighting for legislation that would safeguard our mental privacy while tech companies continue funding brain-scanning research. If you’re going to future-proof your portfolio, you need to know what’s NEXT in the business of neurotechnology. In this series, Yahoo Finance will feature stories that give a glimpse at the future, and show how companies are making big moves today that will matter tomorrow. For more on our NEXT series, click here, and tune in to Yahoo Finance Live for more expert insight and the latest market action, Monday through Friday. 
Nvidia, Google Go AWOL. But Top Funds Energize This Stock. As Nvidia drops off, Celsius stock pops onto list of new buys by top funds as it energizes growth and eyes a breakout. 
15 Best ARK Stocks To Buy Now In this article, we will take a look at the 15 best ARK stocks to buy now. To see more such companies, go directly to 5 Best ARK Stocks To Buy Now. Cathie Wood is one of the most polarizing, and prominent figures on Wall Street. With over three decades of experience in the financial sector, […] 
Magnificent Seven Stocks: Apple, Nvidia, Tesla Rally; Google, Meta Slide Magnificent Seven stocks, including AI leader Nvidia, are among the best stocks to watch in today's stock market. 
Motley Fool Issues A.I. Buy Alert CEO says this is worth 43 Amazons 
AMD Failed To Meet Lofty Expectations At the end of April, Advanced Micro Devices Inc (NASDAQ: AMD) failed to impress, unlike Nvidia Corporation (NASDAQ: NVDA) that has been crushing investor expectations on the back of soaring AI chip sales for quite a while. It’s no secret that AMD trails the undoubtable leader Nvidia that holds as much as 80% of the thriving market for AI server semiconductors. First Quarter Highlights For the March quarter, AMD reported revenue rose 2% YoY to $5.47 billion that slightly surpassed LSEG’s estimate 
Dow Jones Banking Giant JPMorgan, Nvidia Chipmaker TSMC In Or Near Buy Zones Dow Jones banking giant JPMorgan and Nvidia chipmaker Taiwan Semiconductor are in or near buy zones Monday. 
Wall Street Desks Warn CPI Report May Upset Stock-Market Calm (Bloomberg) -- From JPMorgan Chase & Co. to Citigroup Inc., Wall Street’s most prominent trading desks are warning that investors should gear up for a potential break in the calm that’s come over the market.Most Read from BloombergTrump Vows ‘Day One’ Executive Order Targeting Offshore WindGameStop Shares Soar as ‘Roaring Kitty’ Revitalizes Meme ManiaChina to Start $138 Billion Bond Sale on Friday to Boost EconomyTesla Rehires Some Supercharger Workers Weeks After Musk’s CutsThe options market i 
Nvidia Was Key to Success in My Stock-Picking Derby Six people chose it as one of their three picks, and each of them finished among the top 10 contestants 
These cards are a slam dunk if you need a balance transfer Pay 0% interest on balance transfers for up to 21 months with these leading cards. Read full review >> 
Nvidia Tests Key Level; Earnings Ahead Nvidia tested the 50-day moving average on Monday after it got a small bump Friday when contract chip manufacturer Taiwan Semiconductor reported strong April sales.  As the leader in artificial intelligence chips hovers at its 50-day moving average again, other investors holding Nvidia stock could be asking themselves, should they continue to hold or take some profits?  Meanwhile, buying has picked up lately in Nvidia. 
Nvidia Stock Slips. It Has ‘Control Over the Entire Ecosystem’ of Artificial Intelligence. Nvidia  stock is still tops for aJefferies analyst with a little more than a week to go before the chip titan reports earnings.  “We believe it’s too early to sift out winners and losers in the AI basket yet, but Nvidia is our favorite,” wrote Jefferies analyst Blayne Curtis in a Sunday research note.  “Nvidia maintains control over the entire ecosystem and is taking more pieces of the pie,” he said. 
Nvidia Stock Will Lift These Other AI Chip Makers, Says Analyst Jefferies analysts are upbeat on the artificial-intelligence outlook for Astera Labs, Marvell, Broadcom, and AMD, along with top pick Nvidia. 
Baidu (BIDU) to Report Q1 Earnings: What's in the Offing? Baidu's (BIDU) first-quarter results are likely to reflect the benefits of its AI business and growing autonomous driving efforts amid uncertainties in China. 
Is Retiring With a $500k+ Portfolio Realistic? What you need to know in only 15 Minutes. Prepare your nest egg with The 15-Minute Retirement Plan from Fisher Investments. 
Nvidia Has Stronghold on Entire AI Ecosystem, Jefferies Says Nvidia Has Stronghold on Entire AI Ecosystem, Jefferies Says 
Nvidia Seems Poised to Enter the Multibillion-Dollar Custom Artificial Intelligence (AI) Chip Market Nvidia's new custom chip unit will reportedly focus on custom chips for data center AI and other applications. 
Dow Jones Rises To Extend Win Streak; Nvidia Stock Reverses Lower Despite Buy Rating The Dow Jones rose Monday as Wall Street looked to extend recent gains. Nvidia stock dropped on the stock market today despite a buy rating. 
Is NVIDIA (NVDA) Outperforming Other Computer and Technology Stocks This Year? Here is how Nvidia (NVDA) and Onto Innovation (ONTO) have performed compared to their sector so far this year. 
Michigan: Say Bye To Your Home Insurance Bill If You Live...   
How to Find Strong Buy Computer and Technology Stocks Using the Zacks Rank The Zacks Rank offers investors a way to easily find top-rated stocks and build a winning investment portfolio. Here's why you should take advantage. 
Is Arm Holdings Stock a Buy Before Nvidia's Earnings? ARM stock is up over 50% this year. 
Why Nvidia (NVDA) is a Top Stock for the Long-Term Finding strong, market-beating stocks with a positive earnings outlook becomes easier with the Focus List, a top feature of the Zacks Premium portfolio service. 
