New tariffs on China, meme rally, Walmart layoffs: Morning Brief In today's edition of The Morning Brief, Hosts Seana Smith and Brad Smith break down current market trends and what you need to know for the trading day ahead. Stocks (^DJI, ^IXIC, ^GSPC) opened relatively flat on Tuesday morning following hotter-than-expected Producer Price Index (PPI) inflation data for April. Jefferies Senior US Economist Thomas Simons joins the show to break down the PPI print and what it signals for the Federal Reserve, believing there is a chance interest rate cuts may not happen this year at all. Meanwhile, President Biden is set to unveil a new wave of tariffs on Chinese imports, including electric vehicles, semiconductors, and precious minerals. Yahoo Finance's Jennifer Schonberger analyzes the sectors most likely to be impacted. Meme stocks like GameStop (GME) continue to soar in a second-day rally following the online return of user "Roaring Kitty" on X (formerly Twitter), who was largely responsible for the 2021 GameStop short squeeze. However, the retail sector is under pressure, as Walmart (WMT) is reportedly preparing to lay off hundreds of corporate workers and Home Depot (HD) posted first-quarter earnings that fell below Wall Street estimates, signaling a pullback on consumer spending. Shares of Alibaba (BABA) also sunk after the company posted an 86% loss in profit year-over-year.  Tesla (TSLA) is backpedaling its recent decision to lay off most of its Supercharger team, as Bloomberg reports the electric vehicle giant is preparing to rehire some of them. Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL) is expected to unveil new artificial intelligence initiatives in its Google I/O developer conference today. This post was written by Melanie Riehl 
Who Normally Has the Cheapest Car Insurance?   
Tesla to rehire some of its laid off Supercharger team: BBG Tesla (TSLA) appears to be backtracking on its recent workforce reduction strategy, as Bloomberg reported the electric vehicle giant is rehiring some of its Supercharger team. This move comes just a month after CEO Elon Musk laid off nearly all of its employees on the Supercharger network team. For more expert insight and the latest market action, click here to watch this full episode of Morning Brief. This post was written by Angel Smith 
Tesla Sued In California For Environmental Violations Tesla Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) is embroiled in legal trouble. An environmental nonprofit accuses the electric car giant, led by Elon Musk, of repeatedly breaching the federal Clean Air Act. The lawsuit, filed by the Environmental Democracy Project, alleges that Tesla's Fremont, California, plant has been emitting harmful pollutants, including nitrogen oxides and arsenic, since January 2021, endangering nearby residents and workers. According to a report from Reuters, the Environmental Democracy Projec 
Nio Readies Its First Mass-Market EV After Dissecting Teslas For Ideas Nio prepares to launch its first mass-market car on Wednesday as Chinese EV startups downshift prices in a hunt for growth.  Nio stock jumped again on Tuesday.  The Onvo L60 SUV will be cheaper than the Tesla Model Y that it's challenging in the RMB 250,000 ($34,565) segment, Nio CEO William Li has said. 
Tesla Versus Swedish Union Sparks Showdown Over Collective Bargaining Tesla, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) shares are trading higher on Tuesday. The EV behemoth, owned by billionaire Elon Musk, reportedly faces escalated tensions as Sweden’s most prominent union backs a six-month-old strike by mechanics, amplifying disputes with organized labor, Reuters reported. The strike centers on Musk’s refusal to sign a collective bargaining agreement, preventing the metal workers’ union from negotiating for the entire workforce. Despite Musk’s claim that the labor conflict had subside 
Buying Nvidia? Wall Street Legend Issues Urgent A.I....   
Magnificent Seven Stocks: Nvidia, Tesla Rally Dubbed the Magnificent Seven stocks, Apple, Microsoft, Google parent Alphabet, Amazon, Nvidia, Meta Platforms and Tesla lived up to their name in 2023 with big gains. But the early part of the second quarter of 2024 showed a big divergence of returns. 
Biden’s EV Tariff Is All for Show. Tesla, GM, and Ford Already Have Protection. The existing 25% tariff on vehicles from China has effectively closed the border already. Raising it to 100% doesn’t make much difference. 
Alphabet’s Waymo Is Being Probed. It’s the Latest Black Eye for Self-Driving Cars. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration posted a notification of an investigation into self-driving taxis operated by Waymo. 
Top Midday Stories: AMC's $250 Million Shares Offering; AWS CEO Selipsky to Step Down; GameStop Extends Gains; Alibaba's Mixed Q4 Results; Tesla Sued Over Air Quality Top Midday Stories: AMC's $250 Million Shares Offering; AWS CEO Selipsky to Step Down; GameStop Extends Gains; Alibaba's Mixed Q4 Results; Tesla Sued Over Air Quality 
7 Income Strategies for Your $1 Million Portfolio Download The Definitive Guide to Retirement Income to learn ways to grow your wealth and generate income from your portfolio. [Free Guide] 
Q1 2024 TMC the metals company Inc Earnings Call Q1 2024 TMC the metals company Inc Earnings Call 
Tesla is Rehiring Supercharger Staff It is a surprising turn of events. 
Tesla Stock Is Safe From China Tariffs—for Now Tesla should be impacted the least by the Biden Administration’s increased tariffs on Chinese-made electric vehicles—so long as they don’t spark a backlash among Chinese officials.  President Biden has proposed quadrupling import tariffs on Chinese cars to about 100% from the current 25%.  There are no Chinese-branded passenger cars on sale in the U.S. 
Market Chatter: Tesla Faces Escalating Labor Dispute in Sweden as Unionen Backs Strike Market Chatter: Tesla Faces Escalating Labor Dispute in Sweden as Unionen Backs Strike 
Save on the new iPhone 15. Newphoria. Get the new iPhone 15, on us. With new line on select Unlimited plans (Unlimited Plus min. $80/mo w/Auto Pay (+taxes/fees) for 36 mos). Online... 
UPDATE 1-Tesla strike in Sweden heats up as largest union joins fray Sweden's biggest union on Tuesday threw its weight behind a six-month-old strike by mechanics at Tesla, escalating the U.S. carmaker's latest dispute with organised labour.  At the heart of the strike is Tesla CEO Elon Musk's refusal to sign a collective bargaining agreement allowing the metal workers' union to negotiate deals for the workforce as a whole. 
Tesla is sued over emissions from California plant Tesla has been sued by an environmental nonprofit that accused Elon Musk's electric car company of violating the federal Clean Air Act hundreds of times by letting its Fremont, California, plant emit harmful pollutants.  In a complaint filed on Monday, the Environmental Democracy Project said Tesla has since January 2021 exposed nearby residents and workers to excessive nitrogen oxides, arsenic, cadmium and other harmful chemicals, mainly through its paint shop operations.  The nonprofit wants an injunction to halt excess pollution, plus civil fines of up to $121,275 per day per violation of the Clean Air Act. 
Tesla—which never buys ads—is buying ads to promote Elon Musk’s record $52 billion pay deal days before key shareholder vote Musk blasted advertising as 'manipulating public opinion', but when it comes to his compensation package, he's not taking any risks. 
Tesla strike in Sweden heats up as largest union joins fray Sweden's biggest union on Tuesday threw its weight behind a six-month-old strike by mechanics at Tesla, escalating the U.S. carmaker's latest dispute with organised labour.  At the heart of the strike is Tesla CEO Elon Musk's refusal to sign a collective bargaining agreement allowing the metal workers' union to negotiate deals for the workforce as a whole.  Last month, Musk said the labour storm had passed in the country where Tesla's Model Y is the top-selling car, but he was contradicted by IF Metall, which said its strike continued. 
Here’s The Average Cost Of Gutter Guards For Smaller Homes Click here to see what’s available in your area. 
Tesla strike in Sweden heats up as nation's largest union joins fray Sweden's biggest union on Tuesday threw its weight behind a six-month-old strike by mechanics at Tesla, escalating a conflict the notoriously union-shy company is facing with a Nordic labour force committed to collective bargaining.  The focus of the dispute - among Sweden's longest - is Tesla CEO Elon Musk's refusal to sign a collective bargaining agreement allowing the union to strike deals for the workforce as a whole. 
Chevron tops Tesla as most-shorted stock in April, says Hazeltree Oil company Chevron was the most shorted U.S. stock in April, overtaking long-standing top target Tesla as short-sellers up their bets on weaker energy prices, according to a monthly report by data and tech firm Hazeltree.  Chevron topped the Hazeltree Shortside Crowdedness Report list as the most shorted large cap stock in the United States, which the firm compiles based on stock borrowing data globally from about 700 asset management funds.  While the oil company has occupied second place in the last three months, April saw a jump of over $500 million worth of Chevron's total stock used for shorting, to about 9% from the previous month's roughly 7%. 
CORRECTED-Chevron tops Tesla as most-shorted stock in April, says Hazeltree Oil company Chevron was the most shorted U.S. stock in April, overtaking long-standing top target Tesla as short-sellers up their bets on weaker energy prices, according to a monthly report by data and tech firm Hazeltree.  Chevron topped the Hazeltree Shortside Crowdedness Report list as the most shorted large cap stock in the United States, which the firm compiles based on stock borrowing data globally from about 700 asset management funds.  While the oil company has occupied second place in the last three months, April saw a jump of over $500 million worth of Chevron's total stock used for shorting, to about 9% from the previous month's roughly 7%. 
