ExxonMobil (XOM) Bolsters Egypt Offshore Exploration Ties ExxonMobil (XOM) will retain a 60% working interest in the Masry and Cairo concessions, while QatarEnergy will hold a 40% stake in the agreement. 
7 Income Strategies for Your $1 Million Portfolio Download The Definitive Guide to Retirement Income to learn ways to grow your wealth and generate income from your portfolio. [Free Guide] 
Exxon Investors Urged by Glass Lewis to Reject Board Member (Bloomberg) -- Proxy adviser Glass Lewis & Co. is urging Exxon Mobil Corp. shareholders to oppose Lead Director Joseph Hooley’s reelection, citing “unusual and aggressive tactics” against activist investors. Most Read from BloombergTrump Vows ‘Day One’ Executive Order Targeting Offshore WindTesla Rehires Some Supercharger Workers Weeks After Musk’s CutsGameStop Shares Soar as ‘Roaring Kitty’ Revitalizes Retail FrenzyMacron Puts French Banks in Play With Plan to Transform EuropeChina to Start $13 
UPDATE 2-Illinois state treasurer urges Exxon shareholders to vote against CEO Woods, director Hooley Illinois state treasurer Michael Frerichs urged Exxon Mobil shareholders to vote against the election of CEO Darren Woods, as the oil major pursues a lawsuit against two shareholders, a filing showed on Monday.  Frerichs also recommended voting against Exxon's Lead Independent Director Joseph Hooley at the company's annual shareholder meeting scheduled to take place on May 29. 
Illinois state treasurer urges Exxon shareholders to vote against CEO Woods, director Hooley Frerichs also recommended voting against Exxon's Lead Independent Director Joseph Hooley at the company's annual shareholder meeting scheduled to take place on May 29.  Exxon, which is frequently the focus of critical shareholder resolutions, struck back earlier this year when it filed a lawsuit seeking to block a vote on a climate proposal submitted by two small activist investors. 
QatarEnergy and ExxonMobil acquire two offshore blocks in Egypt QatarEnergy will own 40% and ExxonMobil the remaining 60% stake in the Masry and Cairo concessions off Egypt's north coast. 
Here’s The Average Cost Of Gutter Guards For Smaller Homes Click here to see what’s available in your area. 
UPDATE 2-Glass Lewis recommends votes against Exxon director Hooley, citing lawsuit Glass Lewis recommended investors vote against Exxon's lead independent director, Joseph Hooley, citing what the proxy adviser called the energy company's "unusual and aggressive tactics" in pursuing a lawsuit against activist investors.  While Glass Lewis recommended investors back Exxon Chairman and CEO Darren Woods and the company on all other matters up for a vote at its May 29 shareholder meeting, it said in a report late on Friday Hooley's role meant a vote against him would send a signal of strong dissatisfaction with the company's approach. 
Glass Lewis recommends votes 'against' Exxon's Hooley, citing lawsuit Glass Lewis recommended investors vote "against" Exxon's lead independent director Joseph Hooley, citing concerns about what the proxy adviser called the energy company's "unusual and aggressive tactics" in pursuing a lawsuit against activist investors.  In a report sent late on Friday, Glass Lewis also recommended investors cast votes "for" Exxon Chairman and CEO Darren Woods, and backed the company on all other matters up for a vote at its May 29 shareholder meeting. 
Why You Should Keep an Eye on BP Despite Q1 Earnings Miss Despite the weak results, BP expects its reported and underlying upstream production to be slightly higher this year. 
Here is What to Know Beyond Why Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) is a Trending Stock Zacks.com users have recently been watching Exxon (XOM) quite a bit. Thus, it is worth knowing the facts that could determine the stock's prospects. 
You don’t need to refinance to get cash See how much you could get with a home equity loan. Get started with a lender. 
10 Dividend Growth Stocks with Over 3% Yield In this article, we will discuss 10 dividend growth stocks with over 3% yield. You can skip our detailed analysis of dividend growth stocks and their performance over the years, and go directly to read 5 Dividend Growth Stocks with over 3% Yield. Should you invest in dividend stocks with strong history of growth in […] 
Exxon Mobil Corp's Dividend Analysis Exxon Mobil Corp (NYSE:XOM) recently announced a dividend of $0.95 per share, payable on 2024-06-10, with the ex-dividend date set for 2024-05-14.  As investors look forward to this upcoming payment, the spotlight also shines on the company's dividend history, yield, and growth rates.  Using the data from GuruFocus, let's look into Exxon Mobil Corp's dividend performance and assess its sustainability. 
Update: Exxon Mobil CEO Could Lose Calpers' Vote in Protest Over Climate Lawsuit Update: Exxon Mobil CEO Could Lose Calpers' Vote in Protest Over Climate Lawsuit 
Billionaires Can't Stop Buying These 3 Energy Stocks. Should You Join Them? These billionaires are betting big on energy stocks. 
Ahorra en el iPhone 13 con 5G. Llévate el poderoso iPhone 13 por nuestra cuenta. Con una línea nueva en myPlan. (Unlimited Welcome min. de $65/mes con Auto Pay (+ impuestos y... 
Schumer urges FTC to hit the brakes on $53 billion Chevron-Hess merger U.S> Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer on Sunday urged the Federal Trade Commission to "pump the breaks" on Chevron Corp's proposed $53 billion acquisition of Hess Corp.  "The FTC should side with consumers and pump the breaks on this deal," Schumer said in a post on social media platform X, adding that the deal would give oil majors more leverage to raise gas prices.  In October last year, Chevron agreed to buy Hess for $53 billion in stock to gain a bigger U.S. oil footprint and a stake in rival Exxon Mobil's massive Guyana discoveries. 
15 Best Oil Stocks to Buy According to Analysts In this article, we will take a detailed look at the 15 Best Oil Stocks to Buy According to Analysts. If you want to skip our detailed analysis and see the top 5 stocks in this list, click 5 Best Oil Stocks to Buy According to Analysts. Despite the buzz and huge investments in the green energy space, […] 
Jury Says Exxon Mobil Must Pay $725 Million to Former Mechanic Who Developed Cancer A Pennsylvania jury found Exxon Mobil liable for about $725 million in compensatory damages to a former Mobil Oil mechanic whose lawyers argued exposure to a carcinogenic chemical in gasoline caused him to develop cancer.  The jury in a 10-2 verdict decided late Thursday that Mobil, which merged with Exxon in the late 1990s, knew about the adverse health effects of handling its petroleum products, which contain cancer-causing benzene, but did not adequately warn people of the risks.  Exxon said it planned to ask the court to reverse the decision and will “exhaust all available appeals” in the case. 
California's Treasurer Ma urges votes against two Exxon directors California Treasurer Fiona Ma, a board member of the U.S. state's two big pension systems, on Friday urged both to cast votes against two Exxon directors because of the energy company's unusual lawsuit against small investors.  Exxon filed the suit in January seeking to block a shareholder climate resolution, sidestepping the usual regulatory process to fend off activist measures.  The filers withdrew the resolution, but Exxon continued the suit seeking legal costs and other relief. 
2 Insane Cards Charging 0% Interest Until Nearly 2026 With no annual fee & no interest for 18 months, these cards are helping Americans pay off debt in record time. 
Exxon Pleads Not Guilty in Guyana to Misstating Equipment Value (Bloomberg) -- Exxon Mobil Corp. and one of its suppliers pleaded not guilty in a Guyana court Friday to charges related to overstating the value of oil-well equipment on a customs declaration by 200 times to about $12 billion.Most Read from BloombergApple Nears Deal With OpenAI to Put ChatGPT on iPhoneIce Cube’s Big3 Basketball League Sells Its First Team in $10 Million DealFord Cuts Battery Orders as EV Losses Top $100,000 Per CarHow One Brooklyn Neighborhood Became a Nightclub HavenElon Musk 
Exxon hit with $725.5 million verdict over mechanic's leukemia diagnosis A Pennsylvania jury ordered ExxonMobil to pay $725.5 million to a former mechanic who claimed toxic chemicals in the company’s gasoline and solvents caused his cancer, according to attorneys for the plaintiff.  The 10-2 verdict came on Thursday, attorneys said, after a trial in a state court in Philadelphia, where former mechanic Paul Gill alleged he was exposed to benzene in ExxonMobil products while working at a gas station between 1975 and 1980.  Following the trial that lasted just over a week, the jury found Exxon liable for negligently failing to warn about the health risks of benzene, which the U.S. Environmental Protect Agency (EPA) has classified as a known carcinogen. 
Big Oil is doing way better under Biden than under Trump Trump is a friend of Big Oil, but energy firms had some of their worst years ever during the Trump presidency. 
